hello good people, what are we doing again?
with our lessons of napkin jesus
once told the story of a man
which he calls the sower
he is thinking here in the sower of the
times we got a
filled with seeds and he left
throwing all the seeds in the field and
said that these seeds fall into four
types of soil in the first place
seed fell on the side of the road you
knows that the road has ground beaten to
seed is a place where the
people walk with animals walk
and then the text says that the birds of the
air came and ate that seed
Second seed fell on the rocky soil she
finds some land and grows more
the sun when it knocks over it causes
she dry because she has no root
has nowhere to grow where to go deeper
in the soil the third seed fell into a soil
where she could even grow
the problem is that there are other types of
seeds planted together with them then
is called the thorns and thorns
grow much faster and he
focus on that seed that can not
grow up
at last he speaks of the seed which has fallen
on good soil
even so it shows some
differences
has one that grows and 30 by one or
be one seed gave 30 fruits have
the one that gave 60 by one and has that
who gave 100 for one that fruited a lot
more
Jesus told this story and then he
even there he explained
the seed that was sown on the
way is like one who hears the word
of god but he understands nothing
hit the hard heart and there satan has
an action he does or his angels
demons and take that seed out of the
heart and mind of the person who listened
in the second case the person hears the
gospel and joyfully receives a
initial joy
the sun represents here the anguish that comes
of perception when that
joking at school or at work
Those kind of people who talk to you.
now he's a follower of jesus he gives up
and it pulls me in the third place
he also heard the gospel here is a
Different problem he has other things
in the heart in the case jesus speaks of two
worries of the world and the fascination
riches as it is true that sometimes
You are too worried about the
things with stress with actions with
work with the family and he said that
do not have time for god and sometimes it's
really money reminds us that jesus
said that the rich with difficulty
entered the kingdom of God is not because
He is rich because his head is
time is very focused on money and
I do not need it, that suffocates that.
seed he heard from the gospel
finally there are those who hear
understand and bear fruit anyway
these three types from those who
another that fortifies 60 and
another that fruits without this history
speaks of four types of heart
What is your type, what's my type pulls?
life people we have to look at this
close why jesus was very serious
he knew we could have reactions
preaching the gospel
all the messages we receive from the
bible all messages that god sends
for many reasons
all of them can lose our part
different reactions to the reaction that we
we need to have is the reaction of the
there were understand and fruit then here
Are you here I 'm me?
God speaks to us how is your
heart
How are you responding to messages?
that you receive from God Himself
we talk somewhere
another lesson in napkin